Fix column-groups linking (#9467)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/next/guides/columns/column-groups.md

This plugin adds multi-column headers which have buttons. Clicking these buttons will collapse or expand all "child" headers, leaving the first one visible.

> The [Nested Headers](#nested-headers) plugin needs to be enabled for this to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`NestedHeaders`](@/api/nestedHeaders.md) plugin needs to be enabled for this to work properly.
```
